---
layout: post
title: Vyral Marketing Show Episode 30
date: 2017-12-29 10:31:32
tags:
  - Financial Advice
  - Wealth Management
  - Business Owners
  - Investor Tips
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote: 'If you’ve ever wondered what it’s like to employ talent overseas, especially in the Philippines, this video is for you.'
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: true
youtube_alternate_image:
youtube_code: c_ZhfGYMajw
---


{% include youtube.html %}
You’ll learn how to hire an assistant in the Philippines, if you can’t afford American labor rates, to help with your marketing efforts or phone calls. I was invited to speak last month at an employee appreciation event outside of Manila for www.1000CallsADay.com – an outbound prospecting company – lead by Jessica Sanders who worked here at Vyral Marketing as our own lead follow up specialist. Jessica oversees 70+ callers, all based in the Philippines, earning $3-5 an hour. Each caller speaks with, on average, 35 people a day to pass 30-60 leads to you a month. WARNING: There are several marketing pillars to implement first (like referral, database marketing and inbound lead generation systems) BEFORE scaling up your outbound calling, however, the results do speak for themselves that outbound calling does work at scale.

{% include pullquote.html %}

Now, I want you to know hiring a call center - or even implementing an outbound calling plan - isn’t for everyone. Most importantly you must know the laws and expect long lead conversion cycles. But, when I was over there, I learned so much about the country, the working conditions, the pay rates, and more I wanted to share with you how it all works if you’re interested in this as a complement to your Vyral Marketing plan. I know many of you need help with extra marketing beyond the scope of our core service, help with calling people to invite to them to events or to subscribe to your video newsletters, or just plain ‘old recruiting. If you’ve ever wondered what it’s like to employ talent overseas, especially in the Philippines, this video is for you.
