---
layout: post
title: Vyral Marketing Show Episode 31
date: 2017-12-29 10:38:35
tags:
  - Real Estate
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote: Essential Facebook advertising to your email database and website traffic is included in our core service.
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: true
youtube_alternate_image:
youtube_code: 0vDQUM65gMk
---


{% include youtube.html %}
You’ll learn the top five warm advertising audiences for lead generation on Facebook. You’ll generate higher quality leads from the people who know you than strangers. It’s also cheaper to reach them. These warm “audiences” include the emails in your database, the people who visit your website, the people who watch your videos, your Facebook fans, and people who interact with your Facebook page. All this is tracked and you can run ads to these people. In this video, you’ll learn how to set up your Facebook ad account correctly - first by making strong offers to your warm audiences, and then boosting educational videos to your entire cold target market to build awareness. Interested in Facebook advertising?

{% include pullquote.html %}

Essential Facebook advertising to your email database and website traffic is included in our core service. These warm audiences are so responsive (and inexpensive) it’s recommended every client does it if you have an extra $5 a day ad budget. We also offer premium Facebook, YouTube and Display advertising if you want to add-on full scope advertising management. We’ll setup your first Facebook ad campaign for free. Contact john@getvyral.com or visit the "How it Works" page on our website to learn more. If you’re considering adding Facebook advertising to your marketing plan, this video is where to start.
