---
layout: post
title: Cut These Home Selling Mistakes Out
date: 2017-05-22 10:00:00
tags:
  - Home Seller Tips
excerpt: Avoid these four home selling mistakes if you want to sell your home quickly and for a great price.
enclosure: 'https://s3.amazonaws.com/vyralmarketing/Bryan+David/Videos/May+17/Mississippi+Gulf+Coast+Real+Estate+Agent-+4+Home+Selling+Mistakes+You+Shouldn%2527t+Do.mp4'
pullquote: Agents have a wide variety of marketing tools and strategies to help sell your home.
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: true
youtube_alternate_image:
youtube_code: _1CzjpBukTY
---


{% include youtube.html %}If you plan on selling your home, there are a few mistakes that you should avoid:

* **Trying to sell it by yourself as “For Sale By Owner.”** There are quite a few disadvantages to selling your home by yourself without an agent.  A huge one is not being able to ensure that the paperwork is done correctly. Just last year, the state of Mississippi changed their paperwork from a four-page to an eight-page document. An agent will help you with these forms and make sure they’re filed correctly.
  <br>
  <br>When selling your home by yourself, it can also be hard to determine if the people coming to look at your house are trustworthy individuals who aren’t there for other reasons. **An agent can help vet potential buyers** and ensure the security of your home during showings.
  <br>
  <br>If you sell your home without an agent, it can be hard to land on a price that is just right. Relying on Zillow or similar websites isn’t a solid strategy when pricing your home. Because Mississippi is a non-disclosure state, it is difficult to find comparable appraisals that help you accurately price your home through Zillow, as it relies on the same type of inaccessible data.
  <br>
  <br>**If you sell your home with an agent, you’ll have access to a wide variety of marketing tools** and strategies that you wouldn’t have access to if you put your house on the market yourself. Working with an agent means your home is seen by more people and you’ll have the chance to get a better deal from those buyer leads generated by solid advertising.
  <br>
* **Incorrectly or overpricing your home.** Many homes on the market are overpriced. When they are overpriced, they sit on the market for weeks without selling. Then they go through a series of price reductions until they actually get to the market price. However, by that time they’ve been on the market too long and buyers begin to wonder what’s wrong with the house. As a result, buyers will come in with even lower offers.

{% include pullquote.html %}

* **Photo quality can make or break a home sale.** In the age of the Internet, buyers are looking at your home before they even know where it’s at. They want to see many high quality photos of every portion of the house. They don't want to see grainy photos. They won’t look at listings that don’t have any photos at all. When looking for an agent, check out their past listings and make sure they use professional photography when selling your home.
  <br>
* **Limiting access to buyers.**Buyers are usually on a tight schedule with many houses they need to see in a day. Sometimes, buyers fly in from out of town to see many homes and may not have the time to fit a specific showing time into their schedule. By making your home more accessible and allowing an open schedule of showings, you’ll expose your home to as many buyers as possible and increase your chances of selling quickly and for a great price.

If you’re thinking about buying or selling your home, please don’t hesitate to give me a call or send me an email. I look forward to hearing from you!