---
layout: post
title: What Can 2017 Teach Us in 2018?
date: 2018-03-22 19:29:05
tags:
  - Home Buyer Tips
excerpt: >-
  There are a few things that homebuyers should know in 2018. Here are four of
  the most important.
enclosure: >-
  https://s3.amazonaws.com/vyralmarketing/Dave+Hooke/+Video/2018/March/Central+PA+Real+Estate+Agent-+What+Can+2017+Teach+Us+in+2018%253F.mp4
pullquote: 'Rates are moving up, but they’re low for the time being.'
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/learn-from-2017-youtube.jpg
youtube_code: 72_x5CT_PnQ
---

{% include youtube.html %}

**Here are four things that we learned in 2017 that can help you with buying a home in 2018:**

**1. Nearly 50% of homes in the U.S. have values that are still below their pre-recession peak.** This is market-dependant. In the Midwest, we find that values are still below their pre-recession peak. In some other metro areas, the values are well above their pre-recession peak. A lot of people are feeling like values have skyrocketed, but they’re really no higher than they were 10 years ago. It’s still a good time to enter the real estate market. As prices go up, you can capitalize on investing in real estate.

**2. Homes are selling very quickly. Inventory is at an all-time low, particularly in south-central Pennsylvania.** Make sure you find a really good real estate agent who knows how to structure your offer to make it attractive to a seller and make sure you get the house you’re looking for. In the upcoming spring selling season, it won’t be uncommon to see multiple offers in a short amount of time.

{% include pullquote.html %}

**3. Remember, the contract is not the finish line.** It’s the starting line. During 2017, we learned that more homes than usual were falling through due to appraisal, finance, and other issues. It’s important to know your rights as a buyer, make sure you understand the contract you’re singing, and how to get your deposit money back.

**4. &nbsp;Rates are still at historic lows.&nbsp;**They’re moving up, but they’re low for the time being. This might be the last year that you can get an interest rate below 5%. That being said, it’s still a good time to enter the market. You might not want to wait a year or two if you can afford to buy right now and have the cash reserves. If you need a referral for a great local mortgage lender, give us a call and we’ll point you in the right direction.

As always, homeownership is still a great investment decision and a good net worth builder for your retirement. If you have any questions or would like a free buyer’s consultation, give us a call or send us an email. We would love to help you out.